Instructions to get started on windows, we will be using the powershell but don't worry it's mostly copy pasting.
Any issues let me know, but it should be quire straight forward ;D
1. install chocolatey:
- reason: this is to make installation of python/ packages easier.
- result: when you enter choco into terminal, there should be some meaningful output.
(it's very easy, just follow instructions)
- link to instruction: https://chocolatey.org/install

1.1. install adb:
- reason: we use this to communicate with the phone
- result: when phone is plugged in if you execute:
adb shell
you should see a popup on the phone asking you to accept
when you do, the powershell should not throw an error, you can type exit to leave adb.
- instructions:
execute:
choco install adb

2. install python:
- reason: program is written in python, need it to execute the bot.
- result: execute python in powershell, you should get a python shell
- instructions:
in powershell (same one)
execute:
python3
this should open microsoft store, if it doesn't open it yourself
install python3.9 (microsoft store)

3. (omitted)

4. clone the project:
got to:
https://github.com/Occy88/bots
click on the green code tab
click download zip
place it in a location of your choice such as desktop and unzip it, delete the zip.

5. navigate to the project in powershell.
instructions:
some simple comands in powershell:
pwd -tells you where you are
ls -lists everything in your current location.
cd -navigates to a directory e.g.: cd Desktop

one method of navigating to the project:
open the project in file explorer, copy the project path
execute:
cd project_path
(replace project_path with what you copied)


6. install requirements:
in powershell (in project)
execute:
ls
you should see requirements.txt
if you do you are in the correct location.
execute:
pip3 install -r requirements.txt
wait for installation to end

7. Run the programm:
in powershell:
you should be in the root of the project
plug in your phone, make sure adb works but is not running.
open pokemon go
go to friends list
order friends by can recieve
open first friend's profile in list.
execute:
python3 playground.py

you should see your phone's screen show up on the laptop.
